# comp140-gam160-game
Repository for Assignment 1 of COMP140-GAM160

Game Proposal

The game I am going to create is a first person game were the player can only move left and right. The player will be protecting a town from monsters that want to attack it. The monsters will not come in waves but constantly throughout the game. The player is scored by how long they can survive the repeated attacks. At the top of the screen there will be a timer showing the player how long they have survived for. As the timer becomes higher the more monsters will spawn making the game-play more intense. Some where on the screen there will be a count for civilians that are in the town behind the player, If the monsters get past the player an random amount of civilians will die. If all civilians in the town are dead it is game over for the player. Of course the player will be given four powers/magic abilities to help them kill the monsters. The player will be able to fire projectiles at the monsters to kill them. In the game there will be four types of monsters this is because each of the four monsters can only be killed by one of the four powers/magic abilities. Meaning the player will have to think quickly about which powers to pick for which monster. One Idea that came to my mind was when the player last for a good amount of time different monster will appear that need to be hit by two types of powers/magic abilities so that it would make the game-play a bit more interesting as the game progresses. I am thinking about putting an image on the monsters so that the player can look at the monster and see what power/magic ability is needed to kill it. At this current I am not to sure what the four powers/magic abilities will be yet however at this current time I am going to use four different objects for place holders.
